Beverly: "Sure thing, man. You got a taste."

The Demon: "Yeah, the taste of a MORON, HAHA. You suck at driving anyway."

Beverly: "Lay off the kid, man, you had one of them before."

The Demon: "HAD, Beverly. HAD. Past tense... asshole."

James:

1. "Okay, so now what? We race? How's that gonna stop Gomez from KILLING ME?!"

2. "Let's race this thing!"

The Demon: "Slow down there, tiger. First we need to bump up your street cred. 
You're riding with me and my boys, in my car. So, your cred is already pretty high, 77.
HOWEVER, I'd still like you above 80 on that leaderboard before you can ride with me and my crew.
Then you're forgiven, I pull strings with Gomez. But you're with me. If I find you being disloyal..."
*hand gesture saying "I'll kill you"*

Beverly: "Okay, Hector. Race championship is tomorrow night. Your boy makes it there, we can talk."

The Demon: "Okay. (to you) Okay, man. Come with me.
We need you to do really well in this championship.
All the underground racers will send their best crews up there. First place of the whole thing is a million.
Winner takes all. I need you to get us in the competition up there. All you need to do is win 3 races that whole night.
That'll raise your street cred to 80, too.

Couple of tips: higher the RPMs - the faster you accelerate. Don't upshift unless necessary, don't redline it either.
Most cars redline at about 7k. Shift at 6-7k. When cornering, always downshift to 3 or 2 and rev match.
Clutch in, and as you're bringing the shifter into the lower gear, parallel to that you wanna blip the throttle with your right leg.
Then you just release the clutch and that's a rev match, but I assume you already know that. Good luck out there."

-----The next night-----

Narrator: "James needed to quickly get to the X, the race was soon starting."

The Demon: "You ready?"

James:

1. "Yes."

2. "ABSOLUTELY NOT! I'M TERRIFIED!"

The Demon: "Great! Let's go!"

*speakers blasting Still DRE loudly, car engines revving and people racing*

Narrator: "Up until two days ago, James dreamed of places like this one. 
Now, he just couldn't shake this feeling of nausea and fear.
It was like, he was ready to do this, but he was about to choke.
But he shoved all of that back where it was coming from. It was time. The next couple of races will change his life."

*MINI GAME*

The Demon: "That was impressive. Wow, man! Where'd you learn to drive like that?!"

James:

1. "Well, I just took your advice."

2. "When I raced you I wasn't in the game. Bet if we rematch, I'll win. Haha."

The Demon: "Too bad we ain't never gon' find out. Anyway, there's this girl, Kelly.
You think you can beat her? She a pro, tho. She the best."

James:

1. "Yeah, I'll try."

2. No, I'm not feeling up to it.

Output: "No, I'm not fee- You know what? Let's do it, bro."

The Demon: "Ight, man!"

Narrator: "Kelly was the greatest racer on these grounds.
She's been winning this thing every month it was hosted for 2 years straight. No one could beat her.
James' driving was impressive today, but for her? You need some Smokey Nagata speeds."

James: "Ight, I'm ready."

Kelly: "This ain't gonna be a fair one, punk. None of your boys will win this.
I'll let anyone win but you!"

Narrator: "James was confused now. He was terrified."

-----1 Minute Later, Just After the Race Started-----

James: "(in his car, no one hears him) Yo, what's wrong with this chick?!"

Kelly: "(in hers) You didn't think I was going to play fair against Phantom's boys, did you?"

James: "OH GOD!"

Narrator: "And Kelly drove James into a life-threatening crash."

-----5 Days Later, Hospital-----

James:

1. "Where am I?"

Output: *James tries to speak but feels dizzy and pain everywhere*

2. "What happened?"

Output: *James tries to speak but feels dizzy and pain everywhere*

Andrew: "Bro, they just called me from the hospital.. Don't try to talk, just rest.
You were in a crash. I don't know how it happened but... What the hell were you doing in the desert, bro?"

James: "It's a long story."

Narrator: "James then checked his phone. He had received a message from The Demon.
His crash had justified Phantom's crew killing Kelly, finally ending the war between them.
And as for James, he was invited to be one of Phantom's own, the right hand of his son."

The Demon: "(over text message) What do you say, man? You want something unforgettable? An adventure of a lifetime?"

James: "(over text) You know, H? I really had a blast today, man.
I hope I have you and your brother as my friends. But I realized something, man.
I love my crappy job, and I love my boring old life. I'm sorry. Hope me and my buddy can get invited to another one of them car shows.
One of yours, this time. And you better make it enjoyable, otherwise I might have to come and kick your ass in a race."

The Demon: "You can try, big man. You can try.
(they both smile at their phones with respect towards each other, and then put it down and appreciate life more now, with its major changes)"

GAME OVER.


