*The second key choice 1, if you chose the first key choice to be 1.*

Kelly: "Excellent choice!"

James:

1. "Thanks"

2. *Nod*

Kelly: "Listen, kid. You don't just get into our world like that.
Our people generally don't trust some punks like you. I'm gonna need you to prove yourself."

James: 
1. "How?"

2. "Prove myself?"

Kelly: "Simple. All you gotta do is get yourself out there. Make yourself known.
In our world, your car gives you street cred. All you gotta do to keep it, is... Well, race well.
If our people know you and you work for me, you got the trust of the whole underground. Then Phantom's boys can't kill you.
They can just go to war with whoever you're with, which is me. You have our protection as long as you earn it. And this is the way to earn it.
I'll hook you up with a couple races. You're remembered in this world when you have 80 or more street cred.
You ready?"

James:

1. "I hope so."

2. "Yes!"

Kelly: "Okay. Then, head to the X, I'll meet you there."

-----5 minutes later-----

Kelly: "Okay, newbie. The car you got from me's given you a street cred of 72 points. 
Tonight you get to win 8 races in a row, so you're gonna be in however many races necessary to get to the street cred I told you to get to."

*MINI GAMES UNTIL STREET CRED 80*

Kelly: "Wow. That was some tough racing. I'm actually impressed. How'd you lose to that Hector kid, then? He SUCKS at this."

James: 

1. "I guess my head wasn't in the game, Kelly."

2. "What were you expecting? I was driving someone's riced up automatic transmission Nissan Skyline.
Badge said GT-R, engine bay said GT-T, and the non-turbo model, too."

Kelly: "Regardless. You should've had him. Hector's a punk driving overpriced cars his dad buys.
He calls them 'projects' or his 'demons from hell' but all he does is calls Gomez and Gomez builds his cars.
He's an enthusiastic driver, but... any one of my guys can beat him. That includes you, with the driving I saw today."

James:

1. "Thanks, Kelly. So what now?"

2. "That means a lot coming from you. But even if he's a bad driver, I doubt he's not a criminal. How do I keep my head on my shoulders?"

Kelly: "Well, if you don't want him to kill you..."

James: "Yeah?"

Kelly: "You're gonna have to kill him."

James : "WHAT?!"

Kelly: "Don't panic. We're gonna make it look like an accident, and we're going to call a truce with Phantom.
We'll say we raced, he was winning, you mistimed a turn, accidentally ended up PIT-ing him."

James: 

1."PIT?"

2. "God, what did I get myself into? Fine. What the hell does PIT mean anyway?"

Kelly: "PIT is a police pursuit intervention technique. 
It means you hit him from behind at a certain angle and speed, causing his vehicle to flip over and crash.
Phantom knows his son doesn't really do his research on his engines. 
Gomez works for the highest bidder, but is trusted by everyone. His judgement is always solid.
We'll slip him some money to tell Phantom that his son's car had a crack in the fuel line. 
A spark gets in there from a scratch or a hit? Car goes boom. And so does driver."

James: 

1. "Okay, but what if he doesn't actually have a cracked fuel line?
What do I do if I PIT him and the car doesn't magically explode?"

2. "Seems horrible to me. Plus cars don't explode from a... whatever police maneuver."

Kelly: "There's a way around that. You know what car always explodes?
One with a timed bomb in it. All we gotta do is figure out a way for you to get a bomb in little Hector's car."

-----3 days later, somewhere dark, 3 AM-----

Narrator: "James couldn't believe what he got into. He was afraid. He was terrified, in fact. But, he didn't show his fear.
He was gonna do anything to live. And if that meant taking someone's life - it had to be done.
All because of some stupid drag race he lost."

Kelly: "Ready, kid?"

James:

1. "As ready as I can be to kill someone."

2. "No, not really."

Kelly: "Excellent. Let's move."

Narrator: "And so, the plan was simple. Break into Hector's and put a bomb on his car.
Simple enough."

Kelly: "(quietly, whispering) That's Hector's garage.
That's where his Miata is hidden, being repaired right now for a race.
What we're gonna do is put these little timed bombs in the seat.
There's a trick I learned. 
They're undetectable as long as they're sewn in the seat, and he doesn't expect you to be ballsy enough to actually break in here.
He won't expect it, so he won't have a reason to check his seats. Install them near the head. We want him dead, not almost dead in a hospital.
Then we're both fucked.
We've got lookout. This is your mess. You sew the bombs in."

James: 

1. "B-but.."

2. "Umm..."

Kelly: "NOTHING. I don't wanna hear a word out of you. We're already risking our lives and reputations here.
GO!"

-----5 Minutes Later-----

James: "It's done!"

Kelly: "Perfect. DRIVE!"

Narrator: "And so, next thing to do is just race."

-----1 Day Later, the Underworld's Racing Championship Day-----

Beverly: "Okay, folks! We all know the drill!
Welcome to the racing event of your lives!"

*engines revving in the background, Still DRE by Dr. Dre playing loud*

Beverly: "We have Japanese legends, American muscle, and of course, German engineering MASTERPIECES!
We race for honor. We race for glory. And most importantly, we race for MONEY, BABY!
Are we rea--"

Narrator: "And Beverly got interrupted by Kelly and James' arrival."

James:

1. "I'm looking for a challenge. Hector, the Demon. Race me!"

2. "HECTOR!"

Beverly: "What the hell are you doing here?"

Kelly: "Relax, pretty boy. Last I checked, problems between me and your father aren't reason enough to ban me from this place.
We're not on your territory. The whole racing world is here. Step aside."

Beverly: "Why's your boy looking for my brother?!"

Kelly: "All we want is a race. We want that (mockingly) "MONEY, BABY" you're talking about."

Narrator: "And just then, Hector shows up."

The Demon: "I'm gonna kill you!" *charges*

Kelly: "Easy, there, tiger." 
*punches Hector to stop him, Hector falls*
"You don't fight my racers, here. Get in your car, fight like a man."

The Demon: "HAHAHAA! Let's go, then."

Narrator: "Frankly, I don't need to stress the rest. All James had to do is keep up and hit him on the back of the car near a corner.
Kelly's gunmen then press a button to deploy a bomb and poor Hector... was gone. The interesting part's what happened later that night."

-----Later that Night-----

Kelly: "You were amazing out there."

James:

1. "Yeah, I was, wasn't I?"

2. "I feel terrible. I just killed a person."

Kelly: "Yeah..."

James:

1. *silently leave*

2. "Excuse me, Kelly, I gotta go."

Narrator: "And so, James left to go home. He got on his bed, pick up the phone, and dialled."

James: "Andy?"

Andrew: "WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN, MAN?! I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD."

James: "Andy, I love you bro."

Andrew: "Woah, woah, what are you talking about?"

*gunshot*

Narrator: "It's not easy to kill a man. James had now killed 2. One he killed to survive.
Ironically, he killed the other for the opposite reason - he couldn't live knowing someone isn't because of him.
He was dead the moment he put that car into drive mode and nodded ready. I guess not everyone can handle being a legend in the racing world."

GAME OVER