*The first key choice 1*

Narrator: "Ah, James... You don't even know what you just got into.
As he's about to learn - it's never a good idea to run from racers who can beat a Skyline with Miatas."

-----10 Minutes after Race-----

Gomez: "BOY, WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO MY CAR?!"

James:
 
1. "Listen, I can explain. We were at the races and this guy, he just crashed into the thing - it wasn't my fault. How much for the damage?"

2. "Some punk crashed into it, I'll pay for the damage myself."

Gomez: "First of all, that car is one of my sources of income. I need it fixed ASAP with a full new midnight purple premium wrap and everything. 
And it's supposed to be done by tonight. I need the car. And why didn't you take the guy's insurance? Are you that dumb?"

James:

1. Well..

Output: "Well... about that; I couldn't exactly get his money because... I kind of made him race me and lost the car, so I bolted.
I'm more afraid of you than him."

2. Speaking of... I may have screwed up.

Output: "Speaking of... I may have screwed up. I couldn't exactly get the money because I challenged him to a race for pink slips... and lost."

Gomez: "YOU WHAT? I OUGHTA KILL YOU RIGHT NOW!"

James: "Listen, man, I'll pay for your car and I won't owe you anything, we'll be all done and I'll just owe the guy a car. I can live with that."

Gomez: "Well... I suppose that's fine by me, as long as I get my payday. Who did you lose to, anyway?"

James:

1. "Some kid, uh... The devil? The demon?"

2. "His name was 'The Demon'."

Gomez: "The demon? HECTOR, The Demon?"

James: "Yeah, he's the one. You know him?"

Gomez: "I do. And you're gonna wish you didn't."

James: "What?"

Gomez: "Hector's the kid of this underground thug - they call him Phantom. 
Phantom's the real deal. Only people who have seen him are his sons. There are speculations as to what he actually looks like, but that's about it.
That's called power, kid. You're going up against an opponent you don't even know what he looks like.
Look, you killed yourself the moment you decided to run away from that race when you lost. Phantom's dogs are probably on your ass right now.
You're putting me in danger, now. I can't take this car back, if I do - I'm dead.
I usually rent out my weaker ones - the ones cocky kids like you drive to "get the ladies". Take the keys, I'll hook you up with a crew.
My name will never get mentioned. I DO NOT know you. 
You're gonna go to Kelly's garage. Tell them that the Underdog sent you, and to say 'Code Black - Phantom'. Kelly's crew have been at war with Phantom since forever.
You tell them that, and they'll get you under their wing. It's either that, or dying, kid."

James:
 
1. "Where do I find this Kelly's garage?"

2. "If you say there's no other way..."

Gomez: "Find the X. You know the rest. And, kid! Don't leave town! You owe me a $65k car! Whatever you win, you bring straight to me. Otherwise, I'm not at war with Kelly.
One word, you die."

-----Right after, Kelly's Garage-----

James:

1. "Hi. The underdog sent me, said to tell you 'Code Black - Phantom'."

2. "'Code Black - Phantom.' The Underdog said to meet you here."

Kelly: "Oh, God. Who are you, then."

James: "Name's Jame--"

Kelly: "I really don't wanna know your name. But since Gomie sent you, and it's about that dog, come in. Nice Skyline."\

James: "Thanks!"

Kelly: "So, why are you interested in taking down Phantom?
You one of his boys that went rogue?"

James: 

1. "I lost a race, now I'm looking for a rematch."

2. "It's personal, I really wouldn't like to get into it. All I need is to win a race against his boys."

Kelly: "Not in that piece of crap, though. That's one of Gomez' show cars, right?
The ones he rents out to pay for that crappy old apartment? Come on, follow me."

Narrator: "And Kelly and James walked into a room full of cars. This, to James, was heaven.
Kelly's collection - pristine cars, all won through illegal racing. Kelly ran the scene.
She kept all her cars as trophies, but new recruits always got benefits with her. That is, if you prove yourself."

James: 

1. "Wow."

2. Stay silent

Kelly: "You know how hunters have those deer heads on the walls of their offices hung as trophies from a good hunt?
Well, this is my room full of deer heads. Except, well, if the deer had 4 wheels and 6 and 8 cylinder engines.
Pick your poison, kid."

Narrator: "So, Kelly offered 3 choices of cars:
1. One of the finest Nissans - the Silvia S15, right hand drive, imported straight from Japan. 2JZ engine swap, two of the biggest turbos James had ever seen and a perfect tuning job.
2. The best America has to offer - Dodge Viper, a V10 engine sports car, some would say even super car. That's all I need to say, no?
3. Germany's beast - the BMW E36 M3. Pushing north of 650 horsepower, this car was the ultimate track killer."

James:

1. "I'll take the Silvia!"

KEY CHOICE 1.1

2. "Can I have the Viper, please?"

KEY CHOICE 1.1

3. "No-brainer - give me the Bimmer."

KEY CHOICE 1.1

4. "Actually, can I get a different car? Possibly an automatic? I don't drive manual."

KEY CHOICE 1.2